---
layout: post
title: Weeks 9 and 10
---

I am now feeling a sense of urgency in putting my energies towards focusing on working within Unity.  For this reason, I have spent the majority of my time these past two weeks going over tutorials, and more specifically one tutorial that covers creating a “choose your own adventure” game. This is good timing, in that the project is now more focused and we now have a more basic design worked out.

After sharing my initial design layout with Fahad, he agreed that including several scenarios for this project would be much too big of a task to tackle and we decided that we should simply focus on the airport scenario, which is where we had started!  We talked through the list of necessary customizable options as well and how the set up of these options would materialize within our game.

The next step is to refine and simplify the design, as it is apparent that even if we only focus on the airport, that there is a richness in the potential experiences found within an airport that need to be considered.  We’ve decided that the game, for now, should have 4 places/experiences and that each of these places should have customizable options that deal with noise, crowds, decision making, and social interactions.  We are currently referring to the 4 customization level option settings as "knobs".  We will also need to design an experience level where an individual is navigating the airport with a care giver or with family, and one where an individual is navigating the airport alone.

It has also become quite clear that the use of AI will be necessary for this project in order to help in refining the customization options and also with adding variability in the design of our airport (so that the idea of an airport is perceived as more generalized as opposed to this being an experience about a particular airport).
