---
layout: post
title: Weeks 3 and 4
---

During the past two weeks, I realized that because I am taking an algorithms course over the summer, that I will need to reduce my hours during the weeks that I have an exam.  I looked through my schedule and realized that I could make up for this lost research time during the 3 weeks between the time that the summer session ends and the fall semester begins.  This will work perfectly, since there are 3 exams and there will be 3 weeks when this happens.

Since my last post, I have focused my attention more so on what the motivation would be for an individual to want to interact with such a tool.  Fahad mentioned that there would be a natural motivation, in that someone can understand that they need to go to an airport and that this would be a tool that could help to make this easier for them. I also decided that it was important to make this experience a game, in order to create a more enjoyable motivation.

Having now decided on a more solid format for this VR experience, I noticed in my readings that other related technology tools created for autistic individuals were based off of already well known and adopted therapeutic tools.  I discussed this with Fahad, who mentioned that the use of Social Stories could make sense as a form of therapy to model this project off of.

I have also been considering the idea of customization further and I am wondering if perhaps instead of creating more options with more  specific details, if we could instead generalize the aspects that make an event, like going to the airport, difficult. Perhaps there could be smaller scenarios that are similar to those that occur at an airport that an individual could practice, such as needing to find a seat.  I do wonder, however, if these scenarios are more generalized and if the skills of navigating these scenarios can potentially be improved upon within the game, if these game earned skills would translate to real life scenarios.

Finally, I began running through Unity tutorials, in order to begin to better understand how the developing project ideas might more tangibly translate.
